# How to run
Simply run `zig build run` in this directory.
This will run `boot.sq` which currently contains the fibonacci program
found in `Programs/`. Fibonacci expects the user to enter a decimal
number.

# Instructions
This subleq implementation operates on a
64-bit wide address space. Each instruction is 24 bytes long.
The first 8 bytes represent the A-value. The following 8 bytes represent the
B-value. The last 8-bytes represent the jump-address (a.k.a C-value).
Subleq is an OISC, meaning One-instruction Set Computer. This means
that every instruction does the exact same thing (with some hardware exceptions).
The definition of this instructions is:

```python
memory[B] -= memory[A]
if memory[B] <= 0:
    goto(C)
```

# Hardware
In order to support programs generated by the hsq compiler,
instructions accessing the address (-1) using the A-value will attempt
to read from the host's STDIN. The result will be added to the B-value.
Instructions accesing the address (-1) using the B-value will attempt to
read from the host's STDOUT. The A-value will point to the memory location
of the byte to be written.

After the instructions have been read from the file. 4 kilobytes of RAM is appended
to the system starting at the address right after the last instruction.

# Compiler
As I couldn't find the LICESNING information for the High-Level
Subleq Compiler, I recommend getting a copy from:
https://web.archive.org/web/20211207033118/http://mazonka.com/subleq/hsq.cpp
The original website seems to be down. Compiling HSQ is as easy as `g++ hsq.cpp`
Place the resulting binary in the `Programs/` directory.

